DEVTOOLS-535: Re-working composer builds (#56)
forumone/docker-composer: README.md

# About this Image

Images built from this repository are parallel implementations of the Docker Hub's [`library/composer`](https://hub.docker.com/_/composer) image,

> with Composer `1.10` are built with [hirak/prestissimo](https://packagist.org/packages/hirak/prestissimo) pre-installed globally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Composer version `1.10` is built with [hirak/prestissimo](https://packagist.org/packages/hirak/prestissimo) pre-installed globally.
```
